a)
warning: LF will be replaced by CRLF in docs/status.txt.
The file will have its original line endings in your working directory
[master 2fe1926] Added Docs folder
 1 file changed, 6 insertions(+)
 create mode 100644 docs/status.txt
Enumerating objects: 9, done.
Counting objects: 100% (9/9), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 753 bytes | 150.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/sean7956/assignment2.git
   f4975e5..2fe1926  master -> master

b)
9, I got this from the git log command

c)
The .gitignore was last edited on Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019.
I got this information from doing git log --follow .gitignore

d)
Branches help developers that are working in parallel by allowing people to work on thier own parts.
Branches also can be used to make sure that everything works properly before pushing it to master.

e)
git log will show all the commits that have been done throughout the project.
git status is more focused on the current working directory with info on changes
that have been tracked or not tracked. It helps tell the programmer what has been 
changed, added or deleted.

f) 
I used log --follow vehicle.h to see all commits that included vehicle.h

g)
git log --grep="file"
This will show every commit that had file in the message.

h)
Inheritance allows classes to take on the properties of the parent class and then add onto it.
It is a parent to child relation ship where the parent shares witht he child, but not the other way.
Polymorphism is what allows objects of different types to be grouped together and have the same 
function work on the different objects because of the related parent class.
Encapsulation is used to hide member data and functions, such as declaring them as private.
In C++ some examples are private or protected, where protected can be used by the children.

i)
In the integration-manager sytle of implementation each developer clones thier own part to change it.
Then when finished they will send a a request to a maintainer in order for them to pull in the changes.
As for the dictator and lieutenants workflow, the developers push to the lieutentants, then lieutenants
to the dictator, of which the dictator will then make the final push.

j)
In a centralized workflow, there can be issues when two developers are working on something that overlaps,
which can cause issues. Without a rank above them, they won't have someone to fix these issues.
This error is increased when more and more people work on the project. In that case having people
above the developers that are there to fix these issues will make the workflow much smoother.